Update redirected URLs (part 41) (#15842)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/guide/audio_and_video_delivery/live_streaming_web_audio_and_video/index.md

[GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/) is an open source cross-platform multimedia framework that allows you to create a variety of media-handling components, including streaming components. Through its plugin system, GStreamer provides support for more than a hundred codecs (including MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, H.261, H.263, H.264, RealVideo, MP3, WMV, and FLV.)

> GStreamer plugins such as [souphttpclientsink](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/soup/index.html) and [shout2send](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/data/doc/gstreamer/head/gst-plugins-good/html/gst-plugins-good-plugins-shout2send.html) exist to stream media over HTTP or you can also integrate with Python's Twisted framework.

Author: ```suggestion
GStreamer plugins such as [souphttpclientsink](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/soup/souphttpclientsink.html?gi-language=c) and [shout2send](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/data/doc/gstreamer/head/gst-plugins-good/html/gst-plugins-good-plugins-shout2send.html) exist to stream media over HTTP or you can also integrate with Python's Twisted framework.
```
